# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via jpeg4py
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataproperty==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
filelock==3.16.1
    # via torch
flatbuffers==24.12.23
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
jpeg4py==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
keras==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
kornia-rs==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mbstrdecoder==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   jpeg4py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.14.0
    # via keras
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   typepy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via pytablewriter
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pytablewriter==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
requests==2.32.3
    # via tensorflow
rich==13.9.4
    # via keras
scikit-image==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.1
    # via scikit-image
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabledata==1.3.4
    # via pytablewriter
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tcolorpy==0.1.7
    # via pytablewriter
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tifffile==2025.1.10
    # via scikit-image
torch==2.5.1
    # via torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typepy==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   optree
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow
